Update EIP-5806: Restrict SSTORE and CREATE (#8231)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5806.md

The [EIP-2718](./eip-2718.md) `ReceiptPayload` for this transaction is `rlp([status, cumulative_transaction_gas_used, logs_bloom, logs])`.

The execution of this new transaction type is equivalent to the delegate call mechanism introduced in [EIP-7](./eip-7.md), but performed by an EOA (the transaction sender). This implies that the code present at `destination`, if any, should be executed in the context of the sender. As a consequence, such a transaction emit an event from the EOA or use `Create2` with the address of the EOA as the creator. This transaction includes some restrictions though.

### Opcode restriction

For security reasons, some opcodes should not be executed in the context of an EOA:

> - SSTORE (0x55): Setting storage under an EOA breaks many assumptions. In particular, [EIP-7610](./eip-7610.md) would cause issues if an EOA ever sets storage through a delegate transaction, and later wants to "migrate" using [EIP-7377](./eip-7377.md) or similar. Additionally, storage may be a source of conflicts if a single EOA uses delegate transactions to target codes that interpret the storage layout under this account differently. For all these reasons, EOA should be forbiden from performing SSTORE in the context of a delegate transaction. If a delegate transaction performs a CALL, the target of the call is free to manipulate storage normally.

Author: ```suggestion
- SSTORE (0x55): Setting storage under an EOA breaks many assumptions. In particular sets storage through a delegate transaction could cause issues if the accounts later "migrates" using [EIP-7377](./eip-7377.md) or similar. Additionally, storage may be a source of conflicts if a single EOA uses delegate transactions to target codes that interpret the storage layout under this account differently. For all these reasons, EOA should be forbiden from performing SSTORE in the context of a delegate transaction. If a delegate transaction performs a CALL, the target of the call is free to manipulate storage normally.
```
